hello everybody and welcome to another
skyliner figure video review now as you
know just recently I had a tenth
subscriber milestone giveaway of an
unopened stealth health I was going to
have what you see here set for the 20
subscribers but I'm already over 30 so
this is going to be my 30 subscriber
giveaway what you see here is no the
legendary 3-pack from toys r us you have
a legendary bash legendary top top and
legendary spyro and i will be given us a
way like i did with the others but in
the contest here is going to be a little
different the last time you know the
stipulation was to post why you should
give the unopened stealth elf but for
this i want to make it a little more
interesting now of course to enter to be
counted you have to be subscribed to my
channel and instead this time what
you're going to do is you know make some
fan fiction about how these three
individuals you see here became
legendary how bash became legendary of
chop Top how spiral became legendary why
they are the colors that they are
instead of what they're normally arm I'm
like I'm saying here this is real just
fan fiction make up an interesting story
make it interesting it'll make it fun
and go if you're sort of snow brother
detail then you run out of space in them
amount of space that you know YouTube
gives you the post you'll make another
post but if you're continuing your story
make it at least some way so like I can
tell that you know this one post you put
is your first post to your story and
this is your
I can post to the story and we're trying
out to tape no I'll rip off copyrighted
material by anybody just make up
something here own your creative I'm
going to see what you guys have to say
their stories that you're going to make
up and you know the best story other
people who are subscribed will win and
this contest will be going on for two
weeks starting today until December the
fourth an December the fourth I will
announce a winner n as always have fun
and keep gaming